#Christian commemoration, and imitation of saints departed explicated, and pressed from Heb.13.7. Occasioned by the decease of the Reverend Mr. Henry Hurst, lately minister of the gospel in London. By Daniel Burgess.#

##Burgess, Daniel, 1645-1713.##
Christian commemoration, and imitation of saints departed explicated, and pressed from Heb.13.7. Occasioned by the decease of the Reverend Mr. Henry Hurst, lately minister of the gospel in London. By Daniel Burgess.
Burgess, Daniel, 1645-1713.

##General Summary##

**Links**

[TCP catalogue](http://www.ota.ox.ac.uk/tcp/)  • 
[HTML](http://tei.it.ox.ac.uk/tcp/Texts-HTML/free/A30/A30273.html)  • 
[EPUB](http://tei.it.ox.ac.uk/tcp/Texts-EPUB/free/A30/A30273.epub) • 
[Page images (Historical Texts)](https://historicaltexts.jisc.ac.uk/eebo-99834688e)

**Availability**

To the extent possible under law, the Text Creation Partnership has waived all copyright and related or neighboring rights to this keyboarded and encoded edition of the work described above, according to the terms of the CC0 1.0 Public Domain Dedication (http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/). This waiver does not extend to any page images or other supplementary files associated with this work, which may be protected by copyright or other license restrictions. Please go to https://www.textcreationpartnership.org/ for more information about the project.

**Major revisions**

1. __2013-02__ __TCP__ *Assigned for keying and markup*
1. __2013-02__ __SPi Global__ *Keyed and coded from ProQuest page images*
1. __2013-06__ __Geremy Carnes__ *Sampled and proofread*
1. __2013-06__ __Geremy Carnes__ *Text and markup reviewed and edited*
1. __2014-03__ __pfs__ *Batch review (QC) and XML conversion*

##Content Summary##

#####Front#####

1. To ISRAEL MAYO, Eſquire, and ELIZABETH his Wife, of the County of Hartford.
My great Benefactors,My daily Prayers aſcend for your Perſons, and your numerous and lovely Branches
1. Mr. Baxter's Letter to the Author concerning this Diſcourſe.
My great Benefactors,My daily Prayers aſcend for your Perſons, and your numerous and lovely Branches
#####Body#####
Men and Brethren,THE Supreme Lord hath wonderfully diſtinguiſh'd men, in the condition of Living. BuHeb. 13.7.〈 in non-Latin alphabet 〉.Remember them which have the rule over you, who have ſpoken unto
      * P. 1. Godly Miniſters, when Dead, muſt not be Buried in Oblivion.
C. 1.Your reaſonable Nature binds you to remember your godly Miniſters and Friends deceaſed. It bindC. 2.Your gracious Love of God •nds you to Remember your godly Mi•ſters and Friends deceaſed. Love, C. 3.Your continued Relation unto godly Miniſters and Friends deceaſed, •inds you to the RemembranceC. 4.Your Gratitude binds you to remember godly Miniſters and Friends deceaſed. The Apoſtle, and allC. 5.Your Character binds you to remember your Godly Miniſters and Friends deceaſed. You are BelieveC. 6.Your Faith binds you to remember your godly Miniſters and friends deceaſed. I had almoſt ſaid, C. 7.Your Intereſt binds you to Remember your godly Miniſters and Friends deceaſed. The intereſt of C. 8.Your God's Commands bind you to remember your godly Miniſters and Friends deceaſed. In my Text C. 9.Your God's promiſes do bind you to remember your Godly Miniſters and Friends deceaſed. Know ye C. 10. Laſtly, Your own Prayer and Promiſes bind you to remembe• your Godly Miniſters and Friends deI. 1.The beſt of this World, muſt •ave it. In Death's War there's no Diſcharge. The Prophets and ApoI. 2.God honours them in their Deaths, that honour him in their lives.•nd that here, where they haveI. 3.Every Believer hath a Jacob's Ladder. I mean, he hath that, whereby he can in his Thoughts aſceI. 4.Sorrow for godly men deceaſed ought to be moderate. For we are t• remember them honourably, andI. 5.Although God be to be reme•bred by us principally, he is not to 〈◊〉 remembred only. For he comm1. Faith is conſidered as Objectively taken, or Subjectively. A the firſt, it is the truth of the GoConverſation, is the way and courſe of humane life. Reſpectively of all Duties; towards our Creator,We ſhall briefly enquire the Reaſons for this practice. To wit of our conſidering the Faith and ConvI. 1.What garments of praiſe are Faith and Holineſs! Surely incomparable. Otherwiſe our PredeceſſorsI. 2.How many are our Miniſters more than the Earth bears! For all our fore-runners unto Heaven abidI. 3.What need of Gods mercy have all his family on earth! All are bound to Remember and Imitate theI. 4.How unexpectable is ſinleſs perfection in this World?Hence 〈 in non-Latin alphabet 〉looking offI. 5.What a reproachful thing, is Univerſal imitation of the beſt men! Their holy Faith and Life is P. 1.Our deceaſed good Miniſters and Friends, were in this world threſhed and winnowed as much as ouP. 2.Theſe very Souls thus winnowed, are gloriouſly eſcaped out of all theſe evils. So the Text ſaitP. 3.Their glorious Eſcape unto Heaven ought to be well Conſidered by as on Earth. The word of commaP. 4.This conſideration of godly Friends eſcápe unto Heaven, is a motive moſt neceſſary, unto imitatI. 1.The Neceſſity of Faith and Holineſs. I name both, tho' the Apoſtle's word is, [whoſe FAITH follI. 2.The Poſſibility of Faith and Holineſs. They are as Poſſible, as Neceſſary. Hereof, every Soul gI. 3.The Felicity of Faith and Holineſs. How well do theſe end? We are called in the text to contempI. 4.The untowardlineſs of men called to Faith and Holineſs. Wonderful! who has bewitched them? For,I. 5.The kindneſs of God to untoward men. This, if any thing ſhines in my text and doctrine. For in I. 6.The Benefit of godly Miniſters and Friends. This, doth hence appear great. Becauſe, not only LiI. 7.The Praiſe of Conſideration. Which thus here meets us. It is by the ſacred Writer made the capi
      * D. 2. The holy Faith and Converſation of godly Miniſters and Friends deceaſed, muſt be conſidered and followed.
C. 1.Your reaſonable Nature binds you to remember your godly Miniſters and Friends deceaſed. It bindC. 2.Your gracious Love of God •nds you to Remember your godly Mi•ſters and Friends deceaſed. Love, C. 3.Your continued Relation unto godly Miniſters and Friends deceaſed, •inds you to the RemembranceC. 4.Your Gratitude binds you to remember godly Miniſters and Friends deceaſed. The Apoſtle, and allC. 5.Your Character binds you to remember your Godly Miniſters and Friends deceaſed. You are BelieveC. 6.Your Faith binds you to remember your godly Miniſters and friends deceaſed. I had almoſt ſaid, C. 7.Your Intereſt binds you to Remember your godly Miniſters and Friends deceaſed. The intereſt of C. 8.Your God's Commands bind you to remember your godly Miniſters and Friends deceaſed. In my Text C. 9.Your God's promiſes do bind you to remember your Godly Miniſters and Friends deceaſed. Know ye C. 10. Laſtly, Your own Prayer and Promiſes bind you to remembe• your Godly Miniſters and Friends deI. 1.The beſt of this World, muſt •ave it. In Death's War there's no Diſcharge. The Prophets and ApoI. 2.God honours them in their Deaths, that honour him in their lives.•nd that here, where they haveI. 3.Every Believer hath a Jacob's Ladder. I mean, he hath that, whereby he can in his Thoughts aſceI. 4.Sorrow for godly men deceaſed ought to be moderate. For we are t• remember them honourably, andI. 5.Although God be to be reme•bred by us principally, he is not to 〈◊〉 remembred only. For he comm1. Faith is conſidered as Objectively taken, or Subjectively. A the firſt, it is the truth of the GoConverſation, is the way and courſe of humane life. Reſpectively of all Duties; towards our Creator,We ſhall briefly enquire the Reaſons for this practice. To wit of our conſidering the Faith and ConvI. 1.What garments of praiſe are Faith and Holineſs! Surely incomparable. Otherwiſe our PredeceſſorsI. 2.How many are our Miniſters more than the Earth bears! For all our fore-runners unto Heaven abidI. 3.What need of Gods mercy have all his family on earth! All are bound to Remember and Imitate theI. 4.How unexpectable is ſinleſs perfection in this World?Hence 〈 in non-Latin alphabet 〉looking offI. 5.What a reproachful thing, is Univerſal imitation of the beſt men! Their holy Faith and Life is P. 1.Our deceaſed good Miniſters and Friends, were in this world threſhed and winnowed as much as ouP. 2.Theſe very Souls thus winnowed, are gloriouſly eſcaped out of all theſe evils. So the Text ſaitP. 3.Their glorious Eſcape unto Heaven ought to be well Conſidered by as on Earth. The word of commaP. 4.This conſideration of godly Friends eſcápe unto Heaven, is a motive moſt neceſſary, unto imitatI. 1.The Neceſſity of Faith and Holineſs. I name both, tho' the Apoſtle's word is, [whoſe FAITH follI. 2.The Poſſibility of Faith and Holineſs. They are as Poſſible, as Neceſſary. Hereof, every Soul gI. 3.The Felicity of Faith and Holineſs. How well do theſe end? We are called in the text to contempI. 4.The untowardlineſs of men called to Faith and Holineſs. Wonderful! who has bewitched them? For,I. 5.The kindneſs of God to untoward men. This, if any thing ſhines in my text and doctrine. For in I. 6.The Benefit of godly Miniſters and Friends. This, doth hence appear great. Becauſe, not only LiI. 7.The Praiſe of Conſideration. Which thus here meets us. It is by the ſacred Writer made the capi
      * D. 3. Conſideration of deceaſed Miniſters and Friends eſcape, out of all their ſublunary Difficulties, is a neceſſary motive to the imitation of their Faith and Life.
C. 1.Your reaſonable Nature binds you to remember your godly Miniſters and Friends deceaſed. It bindC. 2.Your gracious Love of God •nds you to Remember your godly Mi•ſters and Friends deceaſed. Love, C. 3.Your continued Relation unto godly Miniſters and Friends deceaſed, •inds you to the RemembranceC. 4.Your Gratitude binds you to remember godly Miniſters and Friends deceaſed. The Apoſtle, and allC. 5.Your Character binds you to remember your Godly Miniſters and Friends deceaſed. You are BelieveC. 6.Your Faith binds you to remember your godly Miniſters and friends deceaſed. I had almoſt ſaid, C. 7.Your Intereſt binds you to Remember your godly Miniſters and Friends deceaſed. The intereſt of C. 8.Your God's Commands bind you to remember your godly Miniſters and Friends deceaſed. In my Text C. 9.Your God's promiſes do bind you to remember your Godly Miniſters and Friends deceaſed. Know ye C. 10. Laſtly, Your own Prayer and Promiſes bind you to remembe• your Godly Miniſters and Friends deI. 1.The beſt of this World, muſt •ave it. In Death's War there's no Diſcharge. The Prophets and ApoI. 2.God honours them in their Deaths, that honour him in their lives.•nd that here, where they haveI. 3.Every Believer hath a Jacob's Ladder. I mean, he hath that, whereby he can in his Thoughts aſceI. 4.Sorrow for godly men deceaſed ought to be moderate. For we are t• remember them honourably, andI. 5.Although God be to be reme•bred by us principally, he is not to 〈◊〉 remembred only. For he comm1. Faith is conſidered as Objectively taken, or Subjectively. A the firſt, it is the truth of the GoConverſation, is the way and courſe of humane life. Reſpectively of all Duties; towards our Creator,We ſhall briefly enquire the Reaſons for this practice. To wit of our conſidering the Faith and ConvI. 1.What garments of praiſe are Faith and Holineſs! Surely incomparable. Otherwiſe our PredeceſſorsI. 2.How many are our Miniſters more than the Earth bears! For all our fore-runners unto Heaven abidI. 3.What need of Gods mercy have all his family on earth! All are bound to Remember and Imitate theI. 4.How unexpectable is ſinleſs perfection in this World?Hence 〈 in non-Latin alphabet 〉looking offI. 5.What a reproachful thing, is Univerſal imitation of the beſt men! Their holy Faith and Life is P. 1.Our deceaſed good Miniſters and Friends, were in this world threſhed and winnowed as much as ouP. 2.Theſe very Souls thus winnowed, are gloriouſly eſcaped out of all theſe evils. So the Text ſaitP. 3.Their glorious Eſcape unto Heaven ought to be well Conſidered by as on Earth. The word of commaP. 4.This conſideration of godly Friends eſcápe unto Heaven, is a motive moſt neceſſary, unto imitatI. 1.The Neceſſity of Faith and Holineſs. I name both, tho' the Apoſtle's word is, [whoſe FAITH follI. 2.The Poſſibility of Faith and Holineſs. They are as Poſſible, as Neceſſary. Hereof, every Soul gI. 3.The Felicity of Faith and Holineſs. How well do theſe end? We are called in the text to contempI. 4.The untowardlineſs of men called to Faith and Holineſs. Wonderful! who has bewitched them? For,I. 5.The kindneſs of God to untoward men. This, if any thing ſhines in my text and doctrine. For in I. 6.The Benefit of godly Miniſters and Friends. This, doth hence appear great. Becauſe, not only LiI. 7.The Praiſe of Conſideration. Which thus here meets us. It is by the ſacred Writer made the capiP. 1. Godly Miniſters, when Dead, muſt not be Buried in Oblivion.My Text expreſly commands the contr
      * P. 1. Godly Miniſters, when Dead, muſt not be Buried in Oblivion.
C. 1.Your reaſonable Nature binds you to remember your godly Miniſters and Friends deceaſed. It bindC. 2.Your gracious Love of God •nds you to Remember your godly Mi•ſters and Friends deceaſed. Love, C. 3.Your continued Relation unto godly Miniſters and Friends deceaſed, •inds you to the RemembranceC. 4.Your Gratitude binds you to remember godly Miniſters and Friends deceaſed. The Apoſtle, and allC. 5.Your Character binds you to remember your Godly Miniſters and Friends deceaſed. You are BelieveC. 6.Your Faith binds you to remember your godly Miniſters and friends deceaſed. I had almoſt ſaid, C. 7.Your Intereſt binds you to Remember your godly Miniſters and Friends deceaſed. The intereſt of C. 8.Your God's Commands bind you to remember your godly Miniſters and Friends deceaſed. In my Text C. 9.Your God's promiſes do bind you to remember your Godly Miniſters and Friends deceaſed. Know ye C. 10. Laſtly, Your own Prayer and Promiſes bind you to remembe• your Godly Miniſters and Friends deI. 1.The beſt of this World, muſt •ave it. In Death's War there's no Diſcharge. The Prophets and ApoI. 2.God honours them in their Deaths, that honour him in their lives.•nd that here, where they haveI. 3.Every Believer hath a Jacob's Ladder. I mean, he hath that, whereby he can in his Thoughts aſceI. 4.Sorrow for godly men deceaſed ought to be moderate. For we are t• remember them honourably, andI. 5.Although God be to be reme•bred by us principally, he is not to 〈◊〉 remembred only. For he comm1. Faith is conſidered as Objectively taken, or Subjectively. A the firſt, it is the truth of the GoConverſation, is the way and courſe of humane life. Reſpectively of all Duties; towards our Creator,We ſhall briefly enquire the Reaſons for this practice. To wit of our conſidering the Faith and ConvI. 1.What garments of praiſe are Faith and Holineſs! Surely incomparable. Otherwiſe our PredeceſſorsI. 2.How many are our Miniſters more than the Earth bears! For all our fore-runners unto Heaven abidI. 3.What need of Gods mercy have all his family on earth! All are bound to Remember and Imitate theI. 4.How unexpectable is ſinleſs perfection in this World?Hence 〈 in non-Latin alphabet 〉looking offI. 5.What a reproachful thing, is Univerſal imitation of the beſt men! Their holy Faith and Life is P. 1.Our deceaſed good Miniſters and Friends, were in this world threſhed and winnowed as much as ouP. 2.Theſe very Souls thus winnowed, are gloriouſly eſcaped out of all theſe evils. So the Text ſaitP. 3.Their glorious Eſcape unto Heaven ought to be well Conſidered by as on Earth. The word of commaP. 4.This conſideration of godly Friends eſcápe unto Heaven, is a motive moſt neceſſary, unto imitatI. 1.The Neceſſity of Faith and Holineſs. I name both, tho' the Apoſtle's word is, [whoſe FAITH follI. 2.The Poſſibility of Faith and Holineſs. They are as Poſſible, as Neceſſary. Hereof, every Soul gI. 3.The Felicity of Faith and Holineſs. How well do theſe end? We are called in the text to contempI. 4.The untowardlineſs of men called to Faith and Holineſs. Wonderful! who has bewitched them? For,I. 5.The kindneſs of God to untoward men. This, if any thing ſhines in my text and doctrine. For in I. 6.The Benefit of godly Miniſters and Friends. This, doth hence appear great. Becauſe, not only LiI. 7.The Praiſe of Conſideration. Which thus here meets us. It is by the ſacred Writer made the capi
      * D. 2. The holy Faith and Converſation of godly Miniſters and Friends deceaſed, muſt be conſidered and followed.
C. 1.Your reaſonable Nature binds you to remember your godly Miniſters and Friends deceaſed. It bindC. 2.Your gracious Love of God •nds you to Remember your godly Mi•ſters and Friends deceaſed. Love, C. 3.Your continued Relation unto godly Miniſters and Friends deceaſed, •inds you to the RemembranceC. 4.Your Gratitude binds you to remember godly Miniſters and Friends deceaſed. The Apoſtle, and allC. 5.Your Character binds you to remember your Godly Miniſters and Friends deceaſed. You are BelieveC. 6.Your Faith binds you to remember your godly Miniſters and friends deceaſed. I had almoſt ſaid, C. 7.Your Intereſt binds you to Remember your godly Miniſters and Friends deceaſed. The intereſt of C. 8.Your God's Commands bind you to remember your godly Miniſters and Friends deceaſed. In my Text C. 9.Your God's promiſes do bind you to remember your Godly Miniſters and Friends deceaſed. Know ye C. 10. Laſtly, Your own Prayer and Promiſes bind you to remembe• your Godly Miniſters and Friends deI. 1.The beſt of this World, muſt •ave it. In Death's War there's no Diſcharge. The Prophets and ApoI. 2.God honours them in their Deaths, that honour him in their lives.•nd that here, where they haveI. 3.Every Believer hath a Jacob's Ladder. I mean, he hath that, whereby he can in his Thoughts aſceI. 4.Sorrow for godly men deceaſed ought to be moderate. For we are t• remember them honourably, andI. 5.Although God be to be reme•bred by us principally, he is not to 〈◊〉 remembred only. For he comm1. Faith is conſidered as Objectively taken, or Subjectively. A the firſt, it is the truth of the GoConverſation, is the way and courſe of humane life. Reſpectively of all Duties; towards our Creator,We ſhall briefly enquire the Reaſons for this practice. To wit of our conſidering the Faith and ConvI. 1.What garments of praiſe are Faith and Holineſs! Surely incomparable. Otherwiſe our PredeceſſorsI. 2.How many are our Miniſters more than the Earth bears! For all our fore-runners unto Heaven abidI. 3.What need of Gods mercy have all his family on earth! All are bound to Remember and Imitate theI. 4.How unexpectable is ſinleſs perfection in this World?Hence 〈 in non-Latin alphabet 〉looking offI. 5.What a reproachful thing, is Univerſal imitation of the beſt men! Their holy Faith and Life is P. 1.Our deceaſed good Miniſters and Friends, were in this world threſhed and winnowed as much as ouP. 2.Theſe very Souls thus winnowed, are gloriouſly eſcaped out of all theſe evils. So the Text ſaitP. 3.Their glorious Eſcape unto Heaven ought to be well Conſidered by as on Earth. The word of commaP. 4.This conſideration of godly Friends eſcápe unto Heaven, is a motive moſt neceſſary, unto imitatI. 1.The Neceſſity of Faith and Holineſs. I name both, tho' the Apoſtle's word is, [whoſe FAITH follI. 2.The Poſſibility of Faith and Holineſs. They are as Poſſible, as Neceſſary. Hereof, every Soul gI. 3.The Felicity of Faith and Holineſs. How well do theſe end? We are called in the text to contempI. 4.The untowardlineſs of men called to Faith and Holineſs. Wonderful! who has bewitched them? For,I. 5.The kindneſs of God to untoward men. This, if any thing ſhines in my text and doctrine. For in I. 6.The Benefit of godly Miniſters and Friends. This, doth hence appear great. Becauſe, not only LiI. 7.The Praiſe of Conſideration. Which thus here meets us. It is by the ſacred Writer made the capi
      * D. 3. Conſideration of deceaſed Miniſters and Friends eſcape, out of all their ſublunary Difficulties, is a neceſſary motive to the imitation of their Faith and Life.
C. 1.Your reaſonable Nature binds you to remember your godly Miniſters and Friends deceaſed. It bindC. 2.Your gracious Love of God •nds you to Remember your godly Mi•ſters and Friends deceaſed. Love, C. 3.Your continued Relation unto godly Miniſters and Friends deceaſed, •inds you to the RemembranceC. 4.Your Gratitude binds you to remember godly Miniſters and Friends deceaſed. The Apoſtle, and allC. 5.Your Character binds you to remember your Godly Miniſters and Friends deceaſed. You are BelieveC. 6.Your Faith binds you to remember your godly Miniſters and friends deceaſed. I had almoſt ſaid, C. 7.Your Intereſt binds you to Remember your godly Miniſters and Friends deceaſed. The intereſt of C. 8.Your God's Commands bind you to remember your godly Miniſters and Friends deceaſed. In my Text C. 9.Your God's promiſes do bind you to remember your Godly Miniſters and Friends deceaſed. Know ye C. 10. Laſtly, Your own Prayer and Promiſes bind you to remembe• your Godly Miniſters and Friends deI. 1.The beſt of this World, muſt •ave it. In Death's War there's no Diſcharge. The Prophets and ApoI. 2.God honours them in their Deaths, that honour him in their lives.•nd that here, where they haveI. 3.Every Believer hath a Jacob's Ladder. I mean, he hath that, whereby he can in his Thoughts aſceI. 4.Sorrow for godly men deceaſed ought to be moderate. For we are t• remember them honourably, andI. 5.Although God be to be reme•bred by us principally, he is not to 〈◊〉 remembred only. For he comm1. Faith is conſidered as Objectively taken, or Subjectively. A the firſt, it is the truth of the GoConverſation, is the way and courſe of humane life. Reſpectively of all Duties; towards our Creator,We ſhall briefly enquire the Reaſons for this practice. To wit of our conſidering the Faith and ConvI. 1.What garments of praiſe are Faith and Holineſs! Surely incomparable. Otherwiſe our PredeceſſorsI. 2.How many are our Miniſters more than the Earth bears! For all our fore-runners unto Heaven abidI. 3.What need of Gods mercy have all his family on earth! All are bound to Remember and Imitate theI. 4.How unexpectable is ſinleſs perfection in this World?Hence 〈 in non-Latin alphabet 〉looking offI. 5.What a reproachful thing, is Univerſal imitation of the beſt men! Their holy Faith and Life is P. 1.Our deceaſed good Miniſters and Friends, were in this world threſhed and winnowed as much as ouP. 2.Theſe very Souls thus winnowed, are gloriouſly eſcaped out of all theſe evils. So the Text ſaitP. 3.Their glorious Eſcape unto Heaven ought to be well Conſidered by as on Earth. The word of commaP. 4.This conſideration of godly Friends eſcápe unto Heaven, is a motive moſt neceſſary, unto imitatI. 1.The Neceſſity of Faith and Holineſs. I name both, tho' the Apoſtle's word is, [whoſe FAITH follI. 2.The Poſſibility of Faith and Holineſs. They are as Poſſible, as Neceſſary. Hereof, every Soul gI. 3.The Felicity of Faith and Holineſs. How well do theſe end? We are called in the text to contempI. 4.The untowardlineſs of men called to Faith and Holineſs. Wonderful! who has bewitched them? For,I. 5.The kindneſs of God to untoward men. This, if any thing ſhines in my text and doctrine. For in I. 6.The Benefit of godly Miniſters and Friends. This, doth hence appear great. Becauſe, not only LiI. 7.The Praiſe of Conſideration. Which thus here meets us. It is by the ſacred Writer made the capiLet not worthy Mr. HURST, or any other Servant of Jeſus Chriſt, be without a Religious Monument in y
      * P. 1. Godly Miniſters, when Dead, muſt not be Buried in Oblivion.
C. 1.Your reaſonable Nature binds you to remember your godly Miniſters and Friends deceaſed. It bindC. 2.Your gracious Love of God •nds you to Remember your godly Mi•ſters and Friends deceaſed. Love, C. 3.Your continued Relation unto godly Miniſters and Friends deceaſed, •inds you to the RemembranceC. 4.Your Gratitude binds you to remember godly Miniſters and Friends deceaſed. The Apoſtle, and allC. 5.Your Character binds you to remember your Godly Miniſters and Friends deceaſed. You are BelieveC. 6.Your Faith binds you to remember your godly Miniſters and friends deceaſed. I had almoſt ſaid, C. 7.Your Intereſt binds you to Remember your godly Miniſters and Friends deceaſed. The intereſt of C. 8.Your God's Commands bind you to remember your godly Miniſters and Friends deceaſed. In my Text C. 9.Your God's promiſes do bind you to remember your Godly Miniſters and Friends deceaſed. Know ye C. 10. Laſtly, Your own Prayer and Promiſes bind you to remembe• your Godly Miniſters and Friends deI. 1.The beſt of this World, muſt •ave it. In Death's War there's no Diſcharge. The Prophets and ApoI. 2.God honours them in their Deaths, that honour him in their lives.•nd that here, where they haveI. 3.Every Believer hath a Jacob's Ladder. I mean, he hath that, whereby he can in his Thoughts aſceI. 4.Sorrow for godly men deceaſed ought to be moderate. For we are t• remember them honourably, andI. 5.Although God be to be reme•bred by us principally, he is not to 〈◊〉 remembred only. For he comm1. Faith is conſidered as Objectively taken, or Subjectively. A the firſt, it is the truth of the GoConverſation, is the way and courſe of humane life. Reſpectively of all Duties; towards our Creator,We ſhall briefly enquire the Reaſons for this practice. To wit of our conſidering the Faith and ConvI. 1.What garments of praiſe are Faith and Holineſs! Surely incomparable. Otherwiſe our PredeceſſorsI. 2.How many are our Miniſters more than the Earth bears! For all our fore-runners unto Heaven abidI. 3.What need of Gods mercy have all his family on earth! All are bound to Remember and Imitate theI. 4.How unexpectable is ſinleſs perfection in this World?Hence 〈 in non-Latin alphabet 〉looking offI. 5.What a reproachful thing, is Univerſal imitation of the beſt men! Their holy Faith and Life is P. 1.Our deceaſed good Miniſters and Friends, were in this world threſhed and winnowed as much as ouP. 2.Theſe very Souls thus winnowed, are gloriouſly eſcaped out of all theſe evils. So the Text ſaitP. 3.Their glorious Eſcape unto Heaven ought to be well Conſidered by as on Earth. The word of commaP. 4.This conſideration of godly Friends eſcápe unto Heaven, is a motive moſt neceſſary, unto imitatI. 1.The Neceſſity of Faith and Holineſs. I name both, tho' the Apoſtle's word is, [whoſe FAITH follI. 2.The Poſſibility of Faith and Holineſs. They are as Poſſible, as Neceſſary. Hereof, every Soul gI. 3.The Felicity of Faith and Holineſs. How well do theſe end? We are called in the text to contempI. 4.The untowardlineſs of men called to Faith and Holineſs. Wonderful! who has bewitched them? For,I. 5.The kindneſs of God to untoward men. This, if any thing ſhines in my text and doctrine. For in I. 6.The Benefit of godly Miniſters and Friends. This, doth hence appear great. Becauſe, not only LiI. 7.The Praiſe of Conſideration. Which thus here meets us. It is by the ſacred Writer made the capi
      * D. 2. The holy Faith and Converſation of godly Miniſters and Friends deceaſed, muſt be conſidered and followed.
C. 1.Your reaſonable Nature binds you to remember your godly Miniſters and Friends deceaſed. It bindC. 2.Your gracious Love of God •nds you to Remember your godly Mi•ſters and Friends deceaſed. Love, C. 3.Your continued Relation unto godly Miniſters and Friends deceaſed, •inds you to the RemembranceC. 4.Your Gratitude binds you to remember godly Miniſters and Friends deceaſed. The Apoſtle, and allC. 5.Your Character binds you to remember your Godly Miniſters and Friends deceaſed. You are BelieveC. 6.Your Faith binds you to remember your godly Miniſters and friends deceaſed. I had almoſt ſaid, C. 7.Your Intereſt binds you to Remember your godly Miniſters and Friends deceaſed. The intereſt of C. 8.Your God's Commands bind you to remember your godly Miniſters and Friends deceaſed. In my Text C. 9.Your God's promiſes do bind you to remember your Godly Miniſters and Friends deceaſed. Know ye C. 10. Laſtly, Your own Prayer and Promiſes bind you to remembe• your Godly Miniſters and Friends deI. 1.The beſt of this World, muſt •ave it. In Death's War there's no Diſcharge. The Prophets and ApoI. 2.God honours them in their Deaths, that honour him in their lives.•nd that here, where they haveI. 3.Every Believer hath a Jacob's Ladder. I mean, he hath that, whereby he can in his Thoughts aſceI. 4.Sorrow for godly men deceaſed ought to be moderate. For we are t• remember them honourably, andI. 5.Although God be to be reme•bred by us principally, he is not to 〈◊〉 remembred only. For he comm1. Faith is conſidered as Objectively taken, or Subjectively. A the firſt, it is the truth of the GoConverſation, is the way and courſe of humane life. Reſpectively of all Duties; towards our Creator,We ſhall briefly enquire the Reaſons for this practice. To wit of our conſidering the Faith and ConvI. 1.What garments of praiſe are Faith and Holineſs! Surely incomparable. Otherwiſe our PredeceſſorsI. 2.How many are our Miniſters more than the Earth bears! For all our fore-runners unto Heaven abidI. 3.What need of Gods mercy have all his family on earth! All are bound to Remember and Imitate theI. 4.How unexpectable is ſinleſs perfection in this World?Hence 〈 in non-Latin alphabet 〉looking offI. 5.What a reproachful thing, is Univerſal imitation of the beſt men! Their holy Faith and Life is P. 1.Our deceaſed good Miniſters and Friends, were in this world threſhed and winnowed as much as ouP. 2.Theſe very Souls thus winnowed, are gloriouſly eſcaped out of all theſe evils. So the Text ſaitP. 3.Their glorious Eſcape unto Heaven ought to be well Conſidered by as on Earth. The word of commaP. 4.This conſideration of godly Friends eſcápe unto Heaven, is a motive moſt neceſſary, unto imitatI. 1.The Neceſſity of Faith and Holineſs. I name both, tho' the Apoſtle's word is, [whoſe FAITH follI. 2.The Poſſibility of Faith and Holineſs. They are as Poſſible, as Neceſſary. Hereof, every Soul gI. 3.The Felicity of Faith and Holineſs. How well do theſe end? We are called in the text to contempI. 4.The untowardlineſs of men called to Faith and Holineſs. Wonderful! who has bewitched them? For,I. 5.The kindneſs of God to untoward men. This, if any thing ſhines in my text and doctrine. For in I. 6.The Benefit of godly Miniſters and Friends. This, doth hence appear great. Becauſe, not only LiI. 7.The Praiſe of Conſideration. Which thus here meets us. It is by the ſacred Writer made the capi
      * D. 3. Conſideration of deceaſed Miniſters and Friends eſcape, out of all their ſublunary Difficulties, is a neceſſary motive to the imitation of their Faith and Life.
C. 1.Your reaſonable Nature binds you to remember your godly Miniſters and Friends deceaſed. It bindC. 2.Your gracious Love of God •nds you to Remember your godly Mi•ſters and Friends deceaſed. Love, C. 3.Your continued Relation unto godly Miniſters and Friends deceaſed, •inds you to the RemembranceC. 4.Your Gratitude binds you to remember godly Miniſters and Friends deceaſed. The Apoſtle, and allC. 5.Your Character binds you to remember your Godly Miniſters and Friends deceaſed. You are BelieveC. 6.Your Faith binds you to remember your godly Miniſters and friends deceaſed. I had almoſt ſaid, C. 7.Your Intereſt binds you to Remember your godly Miniſters and Friends deceaſed. The intereſt of C. 8.Your God's Commands bind you to remember your godly Miniſters and Friends deceaſed. In my Text C. 9.Your God's promiſes do bind you to remember your Godly Miniſters and Friends deceaſed. Know ye C. 10. Laſtly, Your own Prayer and Promiſes bind you to remembe• your Godly Miniſters and Friends deI. 1.The beſt of this World, muſt •ave it. In Death's War there's no Diſcharge. The Prophets and ApoI. 2.God honours them in their Deaths, that honour him in their lives.•nd that here, where they haveI. 3.Every Believer hath a Jacob's Ladder. I mean, he hath that, whereby he can in his Thoughts aſceI. 4.Sorrow for godly men deceaſed ought to be moderate. For we are t• remember them honourably, andI. 5.Although God be to be reme•bred by us principally, he is not to 〈◊〉 remembred only. For he comm1. Faith is conſidered as Objectively taken, or Subjectively. A the firſt, it is the truth of the GoConverſation, is the way and courſe of humane life. Reſpectively of all Duties; towards our Creator,We ſhall briefly enquire the Reaſons for this practice. To wit of our conſidering the Faith and ConvI. 1.What garments of praiſe are Faith and Holineſs! Surely incomparable. Otherwiſe our PredeceſſorsI. 2.How many are our Miniſters more than the Earth bears! For all our fore-runners unto Heaven abidI. 3.What need of Gods mercy have all his family on earth! All are bound to Remember and Imitate theI. 4.How unexpectable is ſinleſs perfection in this World?Hence 〈 in non-Latin alphabet 〉looking offI. 5.What a reproachful thing, is Univerſal imitation of the beſt men! Their holy Faith and Life is P. 1.Our deceaſed good Miniſters and Friends, were in this world threſhed and winnowed as much as ouP. 2.Theſe very Souls thus winnowed, are gloriouſly eſcaped out of all theſe evils. So the Text ſaitP. 3.Their glorious Eſcape unto Heaven ought to be well Conſidered by as on Earth. The word of commaP. 4.This conſideration of godly Friends eſcápe unto Heaven, is a motive moſt neceſſary, unto imitatI. 1.The Neceſſity of Faith and Holineſs. I name both, tho' the Apoſtle's word is, [whoſe FAITH follI. 2.The Poſſibility of Faith and Holineſs. They are as Poſſible, as Neceſſary. Hereof, every Soul gI. 3.The Felicity of Faith and Holineſs. How well do theſe end? We are called in the text to contempI. 4.The untowardlineſs of men called to Faith and Holineſs. Wonderful! who has bewitched them? For,I. 5.The kindneſs of God to untoward men. This, if any thing ſhines in my text and doctrine. For in I. 6.The Benefit of godly Miniſters and Friends. This, doth hence appear great. Becauſe, not only LiI. 7.The Praiſe of Conſideration. Which thus here meets us. It is by the ſacred Writer made the capi
#####Back#####

1. Poſtſcript.
NB. The Marginal Note page 59• was by the Printers miſtake inſerted. The ſubſtance of it being found
**Types of content**

  * Oh, Mr. Jourdain, there is **prose** in there!

There are 491 **omitted** fragments! 
 @__reason__ (491) : illegible (475), duplicate (2), foreign (14)  •  @__resp__ (475) : #KEYERS (451), #MURP (24)  •  @__extent__ (477) : 1 letter (395), 1 word (32), 1 page (2), 2 letters (47), 3 letters (1)

**Character listing**


|Text|string(s)|codepoint(s)|
|---|---|---|
|Latin-1 Supplement|áà|225 224|
|Latin Extended-A|ſ|383|
|General Punctuation|•—|8226 8212|
|Geometric Shapes|◊▪|9674 9642|
|CJKSymbolsandPunctuation|〈〉|12296 12297|

##Tag Usage Summary##

###Header Tag Usage###

|No|element name|occ|attributes|
|---|---|---|---|
|1.|__author__|2||
|2.|__availability__|1||
|3.|__biblFull__|1||
|4.|__change__|5||
|5.|__date__|8| @__when__ (1) : 2014-11 (1)|
|6.|__edition__|1||
|7.|__editionStmt__|1||
|8.|__editorialDecl__|1||
|9.|__encodingDesc__|1||
|10.|__extent__|2||
|11.|__fileDesc__|1||
|12.|__idno__|6| @__type__ (6) : DLPS (1), STC (2), EEBO-CITATION (1), PROQUEST (1), VID (1)|
|13.|__keywords__|1| @__scheme__ (1) : http://authorities.loc.gov/ (1)|
|14.|__label__|5||
|15.|__langUsage__|1||
|16.|__language__|1| @__ident__ (1) : eng (1)|
|17.|__listPrefixDef__|1||
|18.|__note__|4||
|19.|__notesStmt__|2||
|20.|__p__|11||
|21.|__prefixDef__|2| @__ident__ (2) : tcp (1), char (1)  •  @__matchPattern__ (2) : ([0-9\-]+):([0-9IVX]+) (1), (.+) (1)  •  @__replacementPattern__ (2) : http://eebo.chadwyck.com/downloadtiff?vid=$1&page=$2 (1), https://raw.githubusercontent.com/textcreationpartnership/Texts/master/tcpchars.xml#$1 (1)|
|22.|__profileDesc__|1||
|23.|__projectDesc__|1||
|24.|__pubPlace__|2||
|25.|__publicationStmt__|2||
|26.|__publisher__|2||
|27.|__ref__|1| @__target__ (1) : http://www.textcreationpartnership.org/docs/. (1)|
|28.|__revisionDesc__|1||
|29.|__seriesStmt__|1||
|30.|__sourceDesc__|1||
|31.|__term__|3||
|32.|__textClass__|1||
|33.|__title__|3||
|34.|__titleStmt__|2||


###Text Tag Usage###

|No|element name|occ|attributes|
|---|---|---|---|
|1.|__back__|1||
|2.|__bibl__|1||
|3.|__body__|1||
|4.|__closer__|2||
|5.|__date__|2||
|6.|__dateline__|2||
|7.|__desc__|491||
|8.|__div__|59| @__type__ (59) : dedication (1), part (4), letter_to_the_author (1), text (1), doctrine (3), consideration (10), inference (17), section (3), reason (6), particular (4), effect (7), afterword (1), errata (1)  •  @__n__ (50) : 1 (9), 2 (9), 3 (9), 4 (7), 5 (6), 6 (4), 7 (3), 8 (1), 9 (1), 10 (1)|
|9.|__epigraph__|1||
|10.|__front__|1||
|11.|__g__|612| @__ref__ (612) : char:EOLhyphen (604), char:EOLunhyphen (4), char:punc (4)|
|12.|__gap__|491| @__reason__ (491) : illegible (475), duplicate (2), foreign (14)  •  @__resp__ (475) : #KEYERS (451), #MURP (24)  •  @__extent__ (477) : 1 letter (395), 1 word (32), 1 page (2), 2 letters (47), 3 letters (1)|
|13.|__head__|6||
|14.|__hi__|1973||
|15.|__label__|44||
|16.|__note__|4| @__place__ (4) : margin (4)|
|17.|__opener__|3||
|18.|__p__|166| @__n__ (8) : 1 (3), 2 (2), 3 (2), 4 (1)|
|19.|__pb__|135| @__facs__ (135) : tcp:39192:1 (2), tcp:39192:2 (2), tcp:39192:3 (2), tcp:39192:4 (2), tcp:39192:5 (2), tcp:39192:6 (2), tcp:39192:7 (2), tcp:39192:8 (2), tcp:39192:9 (2), tcp:39192:10 (2), tcp:39192:11 (2), tcp:39192:12 (2), tcp:39192:13 (2), tcp:39192:14 (2), tcp:39192:15 (2), tcp:39192:16 (2), tcp:39192:17 (2), tcp:39192:18 (2), tcp:39192:19 (2), tcp:39192:20 (2), tcp:39192:21 (2), tcp:39192:22 (2), tcp:39192:23 (2), tcp:39192:24 (2), tcp:39192:25 (2), tcp:39192:26 (2), tcp:39192:27 (2), tcp:39192:28 (2), tcp:39192:29 (2), tcp:39192:30 (2), tcp:39192:31 (2), tcp:39192:32 (2), tcp:39192:33 (2), tcp:39192:34 (2), tcp:39192:35 (2), tcp:39192:36 (2), tcp:39192:37 (2), tcp:39192:38 (2), tcp:39192:39 (2), tcp:39192:40 (2), tcp:39192:41 (2), tcp:39192:42 (2), tcp:39192:43 (2), tcp:39192:44 (2), tcp:39192:45 (2), tcp:39192:46 (2), tcp:39192:47 (2), tcp:39192:48 (2), tcp:39192:49 (2), tcp:39192:50 (2), tcp:39192:51 (2), tcp:39192:52 (2), tcp:39192:53 (2), tcp:39192:54 (2), tcp:39192:55 (2), tcp:39192:56 (2), tcp:39192:57 (2), tcp:39192:58 (2), tcp:39192:59 (2), tcp:39192:60 (2), tcp:39192:61 (2), tcp:39192:62 (2), tcp:39192:63 (2), tcp:39192:64 (2), tcp:39192:65 (2), tcp:39192:66 (2), tcp:39192:67 (2), tcp:39192:68 (1)  •  @__rendition__ (2) : simple:additions (2)  •  @__n__ (120) : 1 (1), 2 (1), 3 (1), 4 (1), 5 (1), 6 (1), 7 (1), 8 (1), 9 (1), 10 (1), 11 (1), 12 (1), 13 (1), 14 (1), 15 (1), 16 (1), 17 (1), 18 (1), 19 (1), 20 (1), 21 (1), 22 (1), 23 (1), 24 (1), 25 (1), 26 (1), 27 (1), 28 (1), 29 (1), 30 (1), 31 (1), 32 (1), 33 (1), 34 (1), 35 (1), 36 (1), 37 (1), 38 (1), 39 (1), 40 (1), 41 (1), 42 (1), 43 (1), 44 (1), 45 (1), 46 (1), 47 (1), 48 (1), 49 (1), 50 (1), 51 (1), 52 (1), 53 (1), 54 (1), 55 (1), 56 (1), 57 (1), 58 (1), 59 (1), 60 (1), 61 (1), 62 (1), 63 (1), 64 (1), 65 (1), 66 (1), 67 (1), 68 (1), 69 (1), 70 (1), 71 (1), 72 (1), 73 (1), 74 (1), 75 (1), 76 (1), 77 (1), 78 (1), 79 (1), 80 (1), 81 (1), 82 (1), 83 (1), 84 (1), 85 (1), 86 (1), 87 (1), 88 (1), 89 (1), 90 (1), 91 (1), 92 (1), 93 (1), 94 (1), 95 (1), 96 (1), 97 (1), 98 (1), 99 (1), 100 (1), 101 (1), 102 (1), 103 (1), 104 (1), 105 (1), 106 (1), 107 (1), 108 (1), 109 (1), 110 (1), 111 (1), 112 (1), 113 (1), 114 (1), 115 (1), 116 (1), 117 (1), 118 (1), 119 (1), 120 (1)|
|20.|__q__|10| @__rend__ (7) : margDblQuotes (6), margSglQuotes (1)|
|21.|__salute__|4||
|22.|__signed__|2||
|23.|__trailer__|1||
